## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-xBsHBR6BS/LSlO3cOyY2D/4KkmaHjlNn3NnXUMFFc14HLZD7vwVgS3+6U/WkHAra"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-o2RvzuEpU78s+xoEWs/++kMfb71T2QoVpd5kcyephebSrCF7IBl82kpINu7hXFCB /es/languages/apache.js
sha384-T5Wi3CdvOgNTDa/TQF3guYZxiCaiLFKzgYxX57ZCt1rVax+G6GP9EOlNdg8spAUs /es/languages/apache.min.js
sha384-XT4oRe1NeFTZXGmTo1gp7cuec9Ap/64f/vt4I5GMRCj3pobm/sNDBZMhJsK/xlBZ /es/languages/cmake.js
sha384-O4LQvDBqImUEPey0HB0Cg3aMyXEf/P4KYm+7uDjqqeU0+ciFh6wEQd3jkRbLD7G7 /es/languages/cmake.min.js
sha384-0mcL0/j1MJ2+FgtU2TYJLu6pAVGmFb8E6OC62z0Ek+YHY+2eKQTP0j95j9Hwjdao /es/languages/dsconfig.js
sha384-oxNLUU6CptOQIukddlIGRE7mhYf+kD1gx1EeiE70rg5netrD1JjSt5BNvRJN3nnL /es/languages/dsconfig.min.js
sha384-3p/2cG3HUNx9rqLOXHgKKfr/Mqv95R+00Iii0s3wgdfWWJVhKm5jEO6/kdL1HIJw /es/languages/gradle.js
sha384-+ilwPpCDudisnRgBeI+XBD7X3bLGw6EZnosF/W6iT/5YyGn0Qwjef5JIZXBkdrnr /es/languages/gradle.min.js
sha384-7hMYwsnoFLW0Wnjv4vRnZxuedW1tCz7/pydl1b9w3fg7B+rldToCjqzXwCRHUE7C /es/languages/ini.js
sha384-LDu6uT3diI3jBUJtdoGFa787cYlVrR+aqFfmW+kW+TImOkpVe+P5LBdDzydIHo9Z /es/languages/ini.min.js
sha384-UgQTewauLJ4EgpADCJ99JfEtiPvw+fyaSrY1gtCVBviDNG7yCH5U7qutYptSfYk+ /es/languages/makefile.js
sha384-aUXBqKsjOzPD/W+hccF21KKWmWts/CrY/lWGJU+dAcsKtuh1/XtyDnzfLmqy/fV1 /es/languages/makefile.min.js
sha384-ohJ9Jj8Mwyy7EntP4tGMJEtH90WJNKu2C4l37N1kqyTHgbRJyGYUgFe9z3qy3/C8 /es/languages/nginx.js
sha384-tpFPEHvbpL3dYF4uFiVNuCUF62TgMzuW65u5mvxnaJYun1sZwxBsKv+EvVgv3yQK /es/languages/nginx.min.js
sha384-F4RSDVgBBiOzTXLHkMeGKJDgpdhWDUb6NCDoz6BYnQohs3NkiWLi+wTlBgsb8fZX /es/languages/properties.js
sha384-Drd5kfuBp36sTS9lcJ+ai2UhYgBwhpYsRDl2T3useOowrqih3gTCBLSQI3M5lQQm /es/languages/properties.min.js
sha384-OFoR8IZ+CFwcY8plx8HSDZNoCwLxc701CwdNGfoIEhSgwAbwhvInaxnEi3HYTt2Q /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-yFd3InBtG6WtAVgIl6iIdFKis8HmMC7GbbronB4lHJq3OLef3U8K9puak6MuVZqx /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-MX3xn8TktkjONV3aWF6Qn6WZyq2Lh/98p0v7D0qEoJ4WLdYjoAyXF/L/80q3qaEc /es/languages/yaml.js
sha384-4IiaMbQ0LBiRJYBGoAXsN+dV9qu/cGLES6IuVowdeCu/FAMY5/MQfD/bHXoL2YBb /es/languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-hK+QzfKnkrwE7Fgc3q6lpKfnWWKMecpkQObMVOPiwopZiJni16bBGVm37SMGcz6G /languages/apache.js
sha384-bvrESIqIr21pkx86VgiN+Vfq8sRk/6xTxMfbo0PDENLfqYr123El7PUCzqJmir4P /languages/apache.min.js
sha384-/DE6n+XheQ/kdrhU7A+cWj1GSRUM44zfgDDcWPvIeGGr02ckG45tZIoLbVgx4X1h /languages/cmake.js
sha384-iqJTnKrAPlpoueHQticEO1SgUDmD+Lv1EGplrE41YfNgnnVCt6pLeVjutOnr/Ddi /languages/cmake.min.js
sha384-ntAXEL8ShY9wHJu8hbMihxOzycWqhCSOI/OUj/MO6QyT2dwFYwCmBY/NSOdXVmYA /languages/dsconfig.js
sha384-KAqJVHyldYmpO+CZL4qvQxr1GDHXYdvoNtMcN8IouYTVaq5ZiHp71eAjGFLUWl8M /languages/dsconfig.min.js
sha384-vfTjgSZcL3SaB+N5397Yp0A1gp7blEH1eNjC1q5c+NfNyJK78P5OYvmtZfv39LA3 /languages/gradle.js
sha384-6TGxjdrZB3xEK6UL4EcWt1IQb2v4GpvxFzOBntkuOlDC688Rf5gqq5XTWJzO1izc /languages/gradle.min.js
sha384-JSUMPR+WT0h/7NlqXi1Al9bVlNT31AeZNpAHttuzu+r02AmxePeqvsZkKqYZf06n /languages/ini.js
sha384-QrHbXsWtJOiJjnLPKgutUfoIrj34yz0+JKPw4CFIDImvaTDQ/wxYyEz/zB3639vM /languages/ini.min.js
sha384-LmfE+sO0d5qZL2Ka0DIrgJ/5U1plo4uFFAmgjcMxrQO+RkeWVYWuaphHAdrY9g7V /languages/makefile.js
sha384-NIrob3StFQyD/nlOsXVCeRsJ0N2SvFEDjFtYS393wbD3CY1eT+2kwT4RL7tpMMhs /languages/makefile.min.js
sha384-OtoDZeQykEsQoFzaA50vgmgr+D3F8WIaXZ0CZfYFivHEpkwCpRKT5Ptmuhjr5bfJ /languages/nginx.js
sha384-p6UV3HZc7zs9wUF6j4Knk3bpx1/JnhlwDoFnKJAOogB1cUi32u31NlnZ2s2dW8IR /languages/nginx.min.js
sha384-NKkO1gNQ8VMU2V+XXBsVWRCIZrKnCkWzbENE3b2bzgP4Ft/zybEvc9VjPhlJZWHw /languages/properties.js
sha384-tlJaeulTOJz9iqadCPTY2JwJVayIS3pMaQkEOgibHjwjmI6Fve8TLKvsR8tfmKwa /languages/properties.min.js
sha384-+PuZYFfVX2UQZU2yKt/FsJUZNUPzZWxW7auXltsaecr1xLvzBYF3c5gYoyOs1++x /languages/xml.js
sha384-jgkY4GMNWfQcLLIoP1vg3FWXflDrRhcSXGBW6ONIWC2SOIv5H1Pa57sXs+aomCuZ /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-tB5cwwsX4Ddp7P4d+ZInDb3nt4ihEEglHXoQ18eVLlT7soEn7bfGfABWKIn1l+H2 /languages/yaml.js
sha384-WC56y8OaFPt5Kj2HX6JAumxUYEjQmBDcSTJy2pn/N8g7dg1hKjeNVrJYoxlpeVmz /languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-9zTm/7B1uEQY1xehJ5uALbhOUzlZjcS6Vpgr3Hntqy4F+IumAfdF+43cNBRelzTb /highlight.js
sha384-tKzECe2LaP4hdd+82I6RXF4xoCwa+PdQaP+WTSCesd3cQXZftEZY4aLcS6HRRt9n /highlight.min.js
```

